# Interfaces #

An interface describes the vocabulary used in the dialog between an object and its customers: "Shine my shoes. Give me my shoes. That'll be five bucks, please. Here's your receipt." The interface advertises the services and explains how to ask for them.

# Class #

The term class is used to describe a set of like things. It describes elements of things in a general way but allows each instance of the class to vary in non essential features. Whereas the class is abstract and conceptual, the instances are concrete, physical objects. The visual image that appears to us at the mere mention of a tree contains the essential features that enable us to recognize any of the instances of tree when we see one. 

In addition to its role as an object factory, it provides information and services to other objects through its own interface. Often, its only clients are the instances that it has produced, but in other cases, it acts as the sole provider of data and services to a number of different kinds of objects.

Every Object instantiated from a Class will have a state and a behaviour. The details of how the instantiated Object perform a task are pinned down in the instance's class definition. By browsing the instance's class and its instance methods, you can see whether the instance performs its responsibilities alone or delegates portions of its task to other objects in its neighbourhood.
These objects will communicate with other Objects in their virtual world using behaviour defined in class. 


